Pickle:-

	Python library offers a feature - serialization out of the box. 
	Serializing a object refers to transforming it into a format that can be stored, so as to be able to deserialize it later on, to 		obtain the original object. Here, the pickle module comes into play.


Pickling:-

	Pickling is the name of the serialization process in Python. Any object in Python can be serialized into a byte stream and dumped as a 		file in the memory.

	The function used for the above process is pickle.dump()


Unpickling:-


	Unpickling is the complete inverse of pickling. It deserializes the byte stream to recreate the objects stored in the file, and loads 		the object to memory.

	The function used for the above process is pickle.load().


Pickle:-“Pickling” is the process whereby a Python object is converted into a byte stream, and “unpickling” is the inverse 			operation, whereby a byte stream is converted back into an object.

	Example :- create the python object and store it in file.Python object can be any list, set, tuple, dict, user define class

	Note:- Bydefault the python object is not recognized by the file.
	       so convert python object in file supported format,this process is technically called as pickling or serialization.
	       for this purpose we have a pickle module.

		import pickle
		data = [['indra', 28, 'dhule'], ['sagar',27, 'pune'], ['prashant', 30, 'solapur']]     ---list python object

		x = open('myfile.txt', 'wb')     ---- we have to write the data so 'w' mode and the python object in not in text format 
						      so we have to open it in 'b' mode.
						
						---After opening the file in binary format and store the binary format data into file,
						  so we have a function called dump() present inside the pickle
		pickle.dump(data, x)            ---binary data will store into the file.here x refers the file.
		x.close()

						---As binary data is not readable by human so we have to again convert it by using load() 								method.
						   provided by pickle.Inshort we have to convert the binary format into python supported 								format.


		import pickle
		x = open('myfile.txt', 'rb')    --- rb mode because we will read binary format data
		s = pickle.load(x)
		x.close


