Account:
				Debit		Credit		Balance
	Account Receivable	100(1st entry)	100(2nd entry)	0
	Bank			100(1st entry)			100

	Note:-
		when you validate the customer invoice of Rs 100 then the entry goes in Debit column of Account Receivable.
		When you actually recieve the money from customer then the enteries are created in Credit column of Account Receivable and 			Debit column of Bank account(received through bank).

		For Vendor bill 1st entry will be in credit(means the amount you have to give)

Journals:-
	Journals are the book keeping where you will record similar type of transactions
	For example to record invoice we have "Customer Invoice" journal.
		    to record vendor bills we have "vendor bill" journal.
		    to record money received/given online we have "Bank" journal.
		    to record money received/given in cash we have "Cash" journal.

Note:-
	when you create the db, you select the country so according to country the taxes and chart of account are created.


1.)Account Overview/dashboard:
	here you will see all the Journals.

	How to create bank account?
		In Accounting App
			Configuration -- You will see the menu Add a Bank Account.
					 For every bank account you create the journal for that bank will be automatically created.
			Note:- From here you can also check that does you bank is support by odoo.
				means for all online process like sync bank statement automatically.

	From where you can see all the bank accounts?
		In Accounting App
			Configuration -- You will see the menu Bank Accounts.


2.)Bank Synchronization: Automatic Import:
	1.)Make sure the Automatic Import feature is activated by going to Accounting ‣ Configuration ‣ Settings in the Bank & Cash section.
	2.)Every Bank account creates the journal, Go in that journal and tick mark the option of "Automated Bank Synchronization".
	3.)In Accounting Overview for that bank if you see button "Online Synchronization". means everything is perfect.


3.)Chart of Account:
	1.)Default Taxes:-
		Select a default tax that will be applied when this account is chosen for a product sale or purchase.
		Means when you create particular account you can assign tax for it.And that tax will automatically used when you use this 			account in sale/ppurchase


4.)Follow up:- 
	Follow up is the process of sending reminder to customer for their unpaid invoices before or after the due dates via emails or sending 		the letters
	Every time you do the follow up make sure you reconcile the bank statement or payment, so you don't send the reminder mail to the 		customer who already paid the invoice.
	Follow up is made on Due dates.Due dates are auto calculated based on Payment Terms.

	Example:-
		Create the customer invoice with the payment terms and validate the invoice.
		Now go the customer form, you will find smart button "Due".Click on it and you can send the mail from their for reminder.

	How will you send the follow mail to all the customers to whom we need to send the mail?
		In Accounting App -- Customer -- Follow up Reports (This menu is available default)
		Click on it and you will find the customer to whom we need to send the mail with the "In need of action" filter applied default
		when clicking on Follow up Reports menu.
		Select the customers and in Action button click on Process follow ups.
		A pdf document containing all of the follow-up letters for you to print will be automatically generated..		

	Follow up levels:
		This feature allows you to config the number of days before/after the reminder mail should trigger.
		Activate this feature from setting of Accounting App.
		
		Note:- If you would like to get a reminder before the due date, set a negative number of due days.


5.)Payment by Checks to Vendor:
	This feature is use to pay the vendor bills by check.
	Activate this feature from Accounting App -- under vendor Payment you will find the "Check" Options.

	In Vendor Bill Journal(kanban) of Accounting App -- Overview, You will find button of Bills to pay or
	select the vendor bills from tree view that need to be pay and in Action click on Register Payment now you will find the payment 		method as Check.
	
	In Bank Journal(kanban) of Accounting App -- Overview, You will find button Checks to print.click on it and select the reocrds and in
	action you will find the option of Check Print.
	OR
	In Accounting -- Vendor -- Payment select the payment made by check (tree view).In Action you will find the option of Check Print.

6.)Sefa Credit Transfer:
	This feature is use to pay the vendor bills.
	Activate this feature from Accounting App -- under vendor Payment you will find the "SEPA Credit Transfer (SCT)" Options.
	
	In Vendor Bill Journal(kanban) of Accounting App -- Overview, You will find button of Bills to pay or
	select the vendor bills from tree view that need to be pay and in Action click on Register Payment now you will find the payment 		method as SEPA Credit Transfer.

	In Bank Journal(kanban) of Accounting App -- Overview, You will find button "Payments to send via by SEPA".
	Click on it, select the record and in Action click on Creat Batch Payment.
	The xml file will be generated and you can upload it in your banking interface.

	Note:-In Vendor form entery all details of bank.


7.1)Batch Payment:- By Checks or Cash

	A Batch Deposit groups multiple payments in a single batch. This allows you to deposit several payments into your bank account with a 		single transaction. This is particularly useful to deposit cash and checks.

	Customers paying through checks.
	Suppose 10 customers pay you by check, so you will collect all the checks and deposit it in bank all at once.After that you have to 		reconcile that 1 bank entery for 10 checks.

	Steps to follow:
		1.)Activate the setting Batch Payments under Customer Payment section of Accounting App.
		2.)when you register the payment select the payment method as Batch Deposit.Then invoice will be paid.
		3.)Accounting -- Customer -- Batch Payment create the record.Here in Pyament Method you will have 2 options 1st is Batch 				Deposit and 2nd is SEPA Direct Debit.select Batch deposit and click on line you will get the record paid by Batch 				Deposit.
		4.)Validate the record and print the pdf.
			Once the bank statements are on your database, you can reconcile the bank statement line with the Batch Payment 			reference(the pdf you print).
		5.)Now create the bank statement for the total amount paid by checks.Do not enter partner and Reconcile.		
		6.)when you will reconcile you will find the page of Batch Deposit if partner is not selected, select that and validate.

	Payment Method Types
		1.)To record new payments as part of a Batch Deposit, you have to configure first the Journal on which you record them.
		2.)For Journal Type =Bank, Cash. The Advance setting page appear. 		
		3.)To do so, go to Accounting ‣ Configuration ‣ Journals, open the Journal you want to edit, click on Edit, and open the 		   Advanced Settings tab. In the Payment Method Types section, enable Batch Deposit, and click on Save.
	Note:-
		Your main bank accounts(Bank Journal) are automatically configured to process batch payments when you activate the feature.


7.2.)Batch Payment:- By SEPA Direct Debit(SDD):
	1.)SEPA stands for Single Euro Payments Area.
	2.)With SEPA Direct Debit, your customers can sign a mandate that authorizes you to collect future payments from their bank accounts. 		3.)This is particularly useful for recurring payments based on a subscription.

	How it works:
		Bank provide you with the Creditor Identifier Code.
		Required the document with the signature of your and your customer's.
		Odoo generate the XML file and you need to send it to you bank in order to debit the payment.
		
	Process:
		1.)Activate the Sepa Direct Debit(SDD) feature from accounting setting and saving the setting the Creditor Identifier field 				will be visible assign the Creditor Identifier number given by your bank.
		2.)Go to Accounting App -- Customers -- Direct Debit Mandates and create the record for it.
		3.)Customer:- In the accounting tab of customer form, must have all details of bank.
			      Journal:- Bank journal must have bank number and all details regarding bank.
		4.)Click on Print Button:-You will get one document, you and your customer must sign that document.
					  To get electronic signature of your customer you can make use of Signature App.
		5.)Enter the start date and validate it.
		6.)Once you get the signed document uplaod it on the same record as their is the option of upload.
		7.)In the invoice, when you Register Payment you can see "SEPA Direct Debit" as Payment Payment when the Bank Journal is 				selected.
			In Advanced Settings of Bank Journal you can see the option "SEPA Direct Debit" default tick.
			"SEPA Direct Debit" this option is available for Journal type as Bank, Cash.
		8.)Accounting -- Customer -- Batch Payment create the record.Here in Pyament Method you will have 2 options 1st is Batch 				Deposit and 2nd is SEPA Direct Debit.select SEPA Direct Debit and click on line you will get the record paid by SEPA 				Direct Debit.
		9.)Validate it, now you will get an xml file, upload it at your bank interface so that the money will be transfer from 			   customer account to your bank account.
		10.)Print the PDF you will get the refernce of payment made, use this pdf for refenece while reconciling with the bank 			    statement.

		Note:- On Direct Debit Mandates record after validating you will see 2 button "Revoke" and "Close".
			Close:- The SDD functionality will still work for the invocies before the start date on Mandates.
			Revoke:-This will completely stop the SDD functionality.
	
	Configuration:-
		Go to Accounting ‣ Configuration ‣ Settings, activate SEPA Direct Debit (SDD) and click on Save. Enter your company’s Creditor 			Identifier. This number is provided by your bank institution, or the authority responsible for delivering them.

	SEPA Direct Debit Mandates
	Create a mandate
		1.)The SEPA Direct Debit Mandate is the document that your customers sign to authorize you to collect money directly from 				their bank accounts.
		2.)To create a new mandate, go to Accounting ‣ Customers ‣ Direct Debit Mandates, click on Create, and fill out the form.
		3.)Export the PDF file by clicking on Print. It is then up to your customer to sign this document. Once done, upload the 				signed file in the Original Document field, and click on Validate to start running the mandate.
		4.)Important
			Make sure that the IBAN bank accounts details are correctly recorded on the debtor’s contact form, under the 				Accounting tab, and in your own Bank Account settings.
	
	SEPA Direct Debit as a Payment Method
		1.)SEPA Direct Debit can be used as a payment method both on your eCommerce or on the Customer Portal by activating SDD as a 				Payment Acquirer. With this method, your customers can create and sign their mandates themselves.
		2.)To do so, go to Accounting ‣ Configuration ‣ Payment Acquirers, click on SEPA Direct Debit,Install it and set it up 				according to your needs.
		3.)Customers using SDD as payment method get prompted to add their IBAN, email address, and to sign their SEPA Direct Debit 				mandate.
		4.)Important
			Make sure to change the State field to Enabled, and to check Online Signature, as this is necessary to let your 			customers sign their mandates.


8.)Multi Currencies:-
	Activate this feature from Accounting App.
	Now you can activate other curriencies from Curriencies Menu.
	From setting only you will get the options from which Api/3rd paty you want to update your curriency rates like Daily/Weekly/Monthly.
	From currency menu select the currency and click Rates(smart button).You will get history of currency rate.
	
	Example:-
		1.)Select the customer in SO the currencies get auto selected(according to customer country or 	settings).now in line select 				the product and check the prices.
		2.)Now change the currency value of that SO, and select same product in line and check price,the price has been converted 				from main currency to client currency.

		You have invoice the customer and when customer actually payes you, If at they time the curriency rate was gain/loss then 			those gain/loss will be register in Exchange Difference Journals.
		After you post the invoice you can see in Journal Enteries.

10.)Reports:-
	In reports you have option of comparision where you can also check of previous years.Like in Profit and Loss Report
	
	1.)Profit and Loss:-
		Profit and Loss report is also know as Income report
		Income - Expenses = Net Profit.

	2.)Balance Sheet:-
		Balance sheet is the summary of all the reports and give the snapshot at a specific dates, showing what company owns and what 			company owes on that date.
		It also shows that all its financial records are correctly balance according to the formaula
		Assets = Liabilities + Equity

	3.)Cash Flow:-
		This report is useful to understand what exchange has happend in and out of company over the period of time.
		where the company has invested the money and where the company requires money in operations.

11.)Analytic Report:-
	In Accounting we have options of Analytic Reports.
	Analytic accounts are used to track like say you have to calculate the profitablility of project.
	Project Profit = minus(expenses+material used+ hours work of employees).

	

12.)Closing Fiscal Year:-
	make sure all the Invoice, Bills and Expenses are Validated
	Reconciliation.
	depreciation(Assets Management)/ Deffered Revenue enteries invoice are posted.

	Follow the below steps:-
	1.)In Accounting Setting set the last date of fiscal year.
	2.)Set the lock date from the Lock Date Menu as the end date of fiscal year for Non Adviser.
		so only the user with Adviser access right can only work on it,so the accountant is quite sure than no one 			is editing the previous year enteries while he is auditing.
	3.)Go to Balance sheet report and make sure you select the end date of fiscal year for print the report.	
		Scroll down you can see the Unallocated Earnings, see for Current Year total unallocated earnings and Retained Earning.

	(allocate the current year earnings in order to have total current year unallocated earning reporting balance zero.
	allocate all the current year earing to retained earning.(Journal entry step will perform it automatically))

	Account1:-
		name:- undistributed profit/losse, type:-Current Year earning, odoo create its default, If you create your own than type must 			be same.
		
	Account2:- Create another account with type as Equity or ask your accountant.

	Create Journal Entry:-
		Journal:- Misc
		item 1:- 
			name:-undistributed profit/losse(Account2)
			debit:- Current Year total unallocated earnings(from balance sheet report)
		item2:-
			name:-Account2(select the account which you created just now)
			credit:- Current Year total unallocated earnings
		post this entry

	Print Balance Sheet:- Check Total Current Year Unallocated Earnings is zero.
			      Total Unallocated Earnings == Retained Earnings.

	Print General Ledger:- unfold all account from Options menu and check balance should be zero of last Total line.


13.)Inventory Valuation:-
	when you make the inventory valuation as Automate in product then you need to set accounts in that form.
	when you receieve the product the journal entry of that accounts is created.



