1.)Filter on website for product:
        On website we have default option of search where we type the product name.You can even have options like search by Attribute or 		ecommerece category.

	Webiste App --> Go To Website --> Shop Page --> Customise menu
	Here you will have options 
		1.)Product Attributes Filter (like legs,color, size)
		2.)eCommmerece Category.

	website category:-
		On product form in sale tab, their is a field website category.
		you can even create the category from website admin in Configuration menu.
		Category:-Spare part(parent)
			      --wheel(sequence 1)
			      --handler(sequence 2)

	For color attribute you can specify your customise like by giving Hexa color code or you can select color picker.
	For this go in website Configuration menu and select Attributes menu.

	Suppose we are having product variants with legs = steel and aluminium. and color having white, black and blue.
	Now for this variants we do not variant with legs = aluminium and color=black.
	So on Product template you will have 'Configure Variants' button. Click on it and select the variant with aluminium and
	there you will see 'Exculde for' one2many field there select the color value=black.
	Now in website when you will select the product and select the attribute legs=aluminium then for black color option you will see
	cross or you wont be able to select black color.
		
	
2.)Ecommerece Optional/Alternative/Accessory product(Module):-
	In product template in Sales tab you will have field 'Optional product.
	In product template in Ecommerece tab you will have fields 'Alternate' and 'Accessory' Products.

	Alternative product appears with the main product on website.
	Optional Products appears when you click on Add to Cart. (like Warranty)
	Accessory Products appears when you click Process to CheckOut. (suggested products)




3.)Pricelist and Discount:-
	Website Admin:-	setting--Pricing --select below option
			1.)Pricelist:
				This opion will enable the pricelist menu option in website --> Product menu.
			2.)Discount:
				It will make discount option available on pricelist.
				In particular pricelis in configuration tab:
					Discount Policy:
							1.)Discount included in the price.
							2.)Show public price & discount to the customer.

				Example:-
					In pricelist:
						Apply on: product variant and select the product.
						Price Computation: percentage.
						Discount Policy: Show public price & discount to the customer.

						In website when you will see above product you will difference in prices.
	
			Note:- From webiste when you will select the pricelist and discount option, then when you install the sale module 					you will find that this options are auto tick.

4.)Fiscial Position:-
		In Invoicing/Accounting App in Configuration you can see fiscal position.
		You have set fiscal position for european country.
		Suppose you have website of country United States and customer is from europe.
		when the customer enter the address then the fiscal postion gets applied.




	Website Admin:-	setting--sale price--select below option
			Advanced pricing based on formulas (discounts, margins, rounding)
			Now in pricelist you will have a Priclist Items enable you can create pricelist as your requirement.

	Visitor user:-When the visitor user will log,he will be the public user which is inactive (see user)
		      open the customer menu and filter for inactive you will find the inactive user(public user).
		      public user will have public pricelist and that visitor user log in will see the price of public price list.
		
			When you click proced to checkout for 1time also an entery will be in sale app in quotations.

	If you assign some code to a field E-commerce promotional code in pricelist and for that pricelist you have config a discount
	than if a visitor know that code than he will also be able to get the benifite of that code.
	you can see in sale app the quotation of that visiter(public)user will have the pricelist of that E-commerce promotional code
	instead of public pricelist.
	Note:- whenever you assign the E-commerce promotional code than have the start date and end date in pricelist other the user will
		get the benfit of that code whole year.

	Automatic pricelist selected:-
		Create the pricelist and select the country groups
		when user from specified country than that pricelist will be auto selected
		This works only in online scenario.
		Have multi currency activated.

	Pricelist of Customer choice:-
		have two pricelist mostly of same country, otherwise the country group pricelist will be default selected.
		Select the Selectable option on Pricelist, to see the change select minimum 2 pricelist.
		in the web user will have option to select the pricelist of hia choice
		

Taxes:- on website always include price included taxes(recommened)
	on prodocut config the tax as tax included price.

several image per product:- Go to website admin Setting, Multi Images, click Several images per product.
	In the product product you will have "Image" tab select the multi image.
	selected images will appear below the main product in the web.
	Note:-Such extra image are common to all the product variants (if any).

Delivery methods:-
	Go to inventory app to see the delivery methods, click published on  website, Whose who are not published will not be visible on web.
	In delivery method their is a destination method, if you select the country
	The shipping address has the same country than that option will be enable.
	Else for other shpping addres you will see the methods in which the country is not specified.

payment method:-
	From the Customize the menu enable the payment option.
	From the Customize the menu enable the option terms and condition(for this option you should be connected by user)
	In Accounting--Config--Payment Acquirers
	Select the payment and publised it than on web it will be visble you can even add the message on payment
	If you select the country than that payment method will be visible for that country only
	country is seen in shipping address.
	On payment method we can set no automatic confirmation.(in last tab you will have this option) 



Note:-Website layout depends upon the theme module.

