1.)Create Expenses:
	Go to Expense App--
			My Expenses(main menu)
				My Expenses(submenu) and then click on create.

	In the expense form you can even select the anayltic account.
	You can even add the attachment with the help of Add Attachment button(on top).
	Save the record and click on Create Report Button.
	Click on Submit to Manager Button, The manger then need to approve the record.

	If you are having fix price for some expense like say Car you set 5rs/per KM then set the price on expense product.
	If not then you have a field of unit price on expense form.


	Note:
		If you are selecting analytic account of project and you want to add that expense in project then you must select
		Paid By - Employee(reimburse) option.


2.)Create Expenses through email:
	1st create the mail alias as  "expenses @mycompany.odoo.com"
	For security purpose only the mail specified on "Work Email" field of employee form are accepted, means expenses are only created from 		those mail.
	
	Tip
		The expense product is set automatically if the mail subject contains the product’s internal reference in first position. Type 			the expense amount in the mail subject to set it on the expense too (e.g.Ref001 Food 100€).


3.)How to approve expenses:
	In Expenses App -- Expense Reports
				To Approve :- list all the expenses that need to apporve.
				To Post	:- list of all expenses that need to post the journal enteries.
				To pay:- list of all expenses that need to register the payment.


Reinvoice Customer:
	In expense form after selecting product, you will find the field of "Reinvoice Customer" selecting the customer 
	example: SO00075 - Bittu
	will create the sale order line on that sale order.


Re-Invoice policy on expense product:
	No:

	At Cost:- Cost field appears on product form.
		  If you create expense and define price less/greater on expense form than the cost price define on product 
		  the line created on Sale order line will have the price define on expense form.
		  And on sale order you can see the expense record linked.

	At Sale:- Cost and Sale Price field appears on product form.
		  here the price on sale order line will have the price define on expense product form irrespective of price define in expense 			  form.

Note:-
	for purchase product mention value for Re-Invoice policy option on product form.
	after paying the bill of vendor the product will be in SOL. 


