Employee:- Install Employee App
	
	You can create Employee, Department, Job Position, Assign manager to employee.
	
	Company Working Hours:-
		From setting of Employee App you can create and edit, default is Standard 40 hours/week.
		The default value will be assign to every new employee you create.



Attendance:- Install the attendance module.
	
	The simple way login user will go to attendance module and click on Check In / Check Out.
	On the employee you can see the Attendance smart button, check your attendance their.
	you will see Check In and Check Out column.If you want to know whether you have check out or not you can check from here.

	Check In through Pin/Badge:-
		1.)Activate this feature from setting of Attendance module.
		2.)Create the pin, Go to HR Setting tab of Employee and write any pin in PIN Code field that you would like to entery for your 				attendance.
		3.)Below the PIN Code field you will see the Badge ID field and "Generate" button.
			Click on it to generate the Badge ID and from print menu print the Badge ID.
		4.)Go to Attendance Module and in Manager menu will you see "Kisok Mode" menu click on it
			select the PIN Code option and enter the pin code for Check In, and follow the same process for Check Out
							OR
			select the Badge option and scan the badge for Check In, and follow the same process for Check Out
			(scan badge through barcode scanner)


Time Off / Leave Management:- Install the Time Off module.
	
	1.)Time Off Type:-
		This are the leaves types like sick, casual and annual leaves.
		From configguration menu you will get Time Off Type menu.

	2.)Allocate the leaves:-
		From Manager menu --  To Approve -- Allocation
		you can allocate leaves to employees, means leave get credited in their account.
		From My Time Off -- Dashboard they can check their leaves remaining.

	3.)Apply for leave:-
		From My Time Off -- Dashboard:- Clicking on any date from calendar they can apply for leave.
		From My Time Off -- Time Off Request :- They can apply for leave request.
	
		Note:- from Time Off Request record it will show who has taken leave for that month.
			
		
